so much i'm gonna call out some
of these turkeys to go on a date
with me and I'm working on my
call
really it goes like this you
sounded like a turkey spring and
turkey hunting go hand-in-hand
at the mountains of North
Carolina homesteaders Tony and
Amelia want to get in on the
action
I don't want to hunt since I was
like 15 or something and this
year we saw a bunch of turkey
scratching everywhere at that
world that's free food just
hanging out and they want us to
eat them
we just assume that they wanted
us to eat them I don't know
maybe they didn't
there's just one problem I've
never hunted before this is all
new for me and we need a shotgun
so they're paying a visit to a
neighbor who might be able to
help
no I know what dad's gonna be up
to probably something
horse-related my dad lives
really close by on a small farm
he's got horses and he's got
some chickens good how you doing
I'm gonna shoot holes of all
kinds of okay i'm gonna guess
one thing you will stop guys
yeah we're gonna be serious now
ok from here on in life serious
about the gun
cool
anyway van seriously don't live
there now it's a wacky zany
character like me you know how
to crank it up a notch
there should be that's beautiful
in a nice guy like a shotgun to
me
nice pump shotgun this is the
release for the pumps and never
shot a shotgun before I never
even shot a gun when you bring
up your target ok you bring up
the front bead first then you
bring up the rear
peace ok ok all right let's
shoot a little bit nervous
little concerned that the
shotgun might blow me up so I'm
really trying to avoid that you
know mean forward just a little
bit
fire when ready
Jesus Christ she's how Christ
that one felt worse guy that
blew a big old hole
look at that I think you're
wastin bullets on a static
target turkeys don't sit around
you know so are gonna do some
moving targets we have a
cardboard turkey and my dad has
set up an elaborate pulley
system where the turkeys going
to go flying across this field
looks like a turkey to me if I
blow its head off gonna eat it
ready to make the turkey fly
I think I hit it
hey that's impressive meant hit
it on the first try to hook us
up with the shotgun and i did a
pretty good job that you say so
myself
whoa we're gonna eat this thing
or what I was able to shoot that
moving cardboard target and more
confident now about hunting
really doing this
I got him right